File Gateway is for S3


CNAME（Canonical Name）記錄用於將一個域名別名（alias）映射到另一個正規名稱（canonical name）。
用途：將一個域名映射到另一個域名，適用於需要重用現有DNS記錄的情況。
典型用法：www.example.com 可以是一個CNAME記錄，指向 example.com。
限制：
不能用於頂級域名。例如，不能將 example.com 設置為CNAME指向 some.otherdomain.com。
每次查詢CNAME記錄時會進行重定向，這可能會增加查詢延遲。


Alias記錄是AWS Route 53中的一個特性，用於將一個域名映射到AWS資源（如CloudFront分配、Elastic Load Balancer、S3網站托管等）
用途：將一個域名直接映射到AWS資源，實現快速解析。
典型用法：example.com 可以是一個Alias記錄，指向一個CloudFront分配或ELB。
優勢：
頂級域名支持：Alias記錄可以應用於頂級域名（例如 example.com），而CNAME記錄不能。
零查詢費用：在Route 53中查詢Alias記錄是免費的，而查詢CNAME記錄會產生費用。
自動更新：當指向的AWS資源的IP地址變更時，Alias記錄會自動更新。
支持更多資源：Alias記錄可以指向更多種類的資源，如CloudFront分配、ELB、S3桶等。


AWS VPN CloudHub 是AWS提供的一種解決方案，用於在不同的站點（如分支機構、辦公室或數據中心）之間構建安全且可擴展的多點VPN連接。它利用AWS Virtual Private Gateway來實現不同VPN連接之間的通信，從而形成一個中心輻射狀的拓撲結構。


file storage offerings that provide full Windows compatibility
O File Gateway Configuration of AWS Storage Gateway
O Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
X EFS does not support SMB protocol.



security groups: you "cannot" use an Internet Gateway ID as the custom source for the inbound rule.
O IP address
O  security group 
O  IP addresses in CIDR block notation 


deploy the same template across AWS accounts
O AWS CloudFormation StackSets 
X AWS CloudFormation templates



EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group handle Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue sudden spike
O target tracking scaling policy based on a custom Amazon SQS queue metric
X simple scaling policy: choose scaling metrics and threshold values for the Amazon CloudWatch alarms that trigger the scaling process
X step scaling: 需要設置多個閾值和動作, 用在需要精確控制縮放的應用


 cross-zone load balancing 如果沒開，ELB只會將流量平均分配到zone，不會管裡面有多少instance.
 
 
租賃行為：
如果啟動模板(Launch Template)設置為共享，而 VPC 租賃設置為專用，那麼實例將具有專用租賃。
如果啟動模板設置為專用，而 VPC 租賃設置為默認，實例也會具有專用租賃。



 EC2 instances
 O Spot Fleets can maintain target capacity by launching replacement instances after Spot Instances in the fleet are terminated
 O When you cancel an active spot request, it does "not" terminate the associated instance
 O If a spot request is persistent, then it is opened again after your Spot Instance is interrupted
 
 
 Amazon SQS: postpone the delivery of new messages to the queue for a few seconds
 O Delay Queues :在消息被接收後延遲一段時間再讓它們對 consumer visible。這樣可以用來控制消息的處理時間。
 X Visibility Timeout:確保消息在處理期間不會被其他consumer看到，從而防止消息被重複處理。
 
 
 CNAME records can be used to map one domain name to another
 
 
 
High Performance Computing (HPC) and machine learning applications workflows
 O Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA):a network device that can attach to EC2 instance enhances the performance of inter-instance communication
 X Elastic Network Interface (ENI):  a logical networking component in a VPC that represents a virtual network card.
 X Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) :support enhanced networking via single root I/O virtualization (SR-IOV) to provide high-performance networking capabilities. 
 X Elastic IP Address (EIP) :a static IPv4 address associated with your AWS account (reachable from the internet)
 
 
 use CloudWatch alarms to automatically recover EC2 instances if they become impaired. 
 O A recovered instance is identical(完全相同的) to the original instance, including the instance ID, private IP addresses, Elastic IP addresses, and all instance metadata
 O If your instance has a public IPv4 address, it retains the public IPv4 address after recovery
 X Terminated Amazon EC2 instances can be recovered if they are configured at the launch of instance:  terminated instances cannot be recovered.
 
 
 
 


