EXAM2
1	Auto Scaling group (ASG) is not terminating an unhealthy Amazon EC2 instance.
What might happen?
Sol: 
	The health check grace period(寬限期) for the instance has not expired : ASG啟動EC2後的一段等待時間
	The instance maybe in Impaired status
	The instance has failed the Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) health check status
(1)	spot instance type can be terminated by the Auto Scaling group (ASG)
(2)	A user might have updated the configuration of the ASG and increased the minimum number of instances : ASG will launch new

2	Aurora Multi-AZ reads are causing high input/output (I/O) and adding latency to the write requests. How to solve?
Sol: Set up a read replica and modify the application to use the appropriate endpoint
(1)	Provision another Amazon Aurora database and link it to the primary database as a read replica: No such thing
(2)	Configure the application to read from the Multi-AZ standby instance: No such thing
(3)	Activate read-through caching on the Amazon Aurora database: Aurora沒有內建的cache，可以整合ElastiCache ，但要修改程式

3	Use Case:
	A company is located in an area prone to natural disasters.
	not ready to fully migrate to the AWS Cloud
	wants a failover environment on AWS
	Web server.
	Data available on AWS and on-premises must be uniform.
	Solution should have the LEAST amount of downtime
Sol: 
	Route 53 failover record
	Application servers: ASG (EC2) + ALB
	Storage Gateway with stored volumes to back up data to Amazon S3
Explain:
	Stored volumes: entire dataset is on premise, scheduled backups to S3


4	Monitor CPU utilization of EC2 instances and send notification by Email when breach a certain threshold. 
Building a solution with the LEAST amount of development effort.
Sol: Amazon CloudWatch + SNS
(1)	AWS Step Functions / Lambda: cannot monitor CPU utilization of EC2 instances or send notification emails

5	Steps do migrate from an AWS Organization A to an AWS Organization B?
Sol: 
	Remove the member account from the old organization
	Send an invite to the member account from the new Organization
	Accept the invite to the new organization from the member account
		
6	Use case:
	on-premises data center using SQL Server has a heavy read load.
	Everyday production database needs to generate full copy and populate to DEV DB which cause high latency
	migrating database engines if required
Sol:
	Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas (Aurora only compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL)
	Dev database: restoring from the automated backups of Amazon Aurora. 
		Explain: Aurora DB backup won’t impact performance. 
(1)	Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas and restore the dev database via mysqldump: using mysqldump to restore Dev DB would result in a significant load on the primary DB
(2)	RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and use the standby instance as the dev database: standby is just for handling failover in a Multi-AZ deployment cannot access the standby instance and use it as a dev database
(3)	RDS for SQL server with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas. Use the read replica as the dev database: read replica does not allow any database write operations.

7	Migrating ETL workloads to AWS Cloud from Hadoop cluster deployed in the on-premises data center. The AWS Cloud solution needs to be highly available with about 50 EC2 instances per AZ. 
Which EC2 placement groups is recommended?
Sol: Partition placement group, 將instance分成多個分區(Partition)，每個分區使用不同的硬體，並且分區之間物理隔離，以提高容錯能力和可用性。
適用於需要高可用性(HA)和容錯能力的分散式和大數據應用

(1)	Cluster Placement Group: 將instance放置在單一AZ中，以實現低延遲、高吞吐量的網絡連接，適用於需要高性能計算（HPC）和大數據應用程序。
(2)	Spread Placement Group: 將每個實例放置在不同的底層硬體中，以最大限度地減少同時失效的風險。適用於需要高可用性和低風險的應用，如關鍵任務應用程序。單一AZ內最多放置7個實例

8	Use Case: 
	A video backup service hosted on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances
	EC2 instances are behind an ALB and the instances are using Amazon EBS Volumes for storage.
	On the first day of the beta launch, every time authenticated user login can see different subset of the videos they uploaded.
Sol:
	Root cause: EBS volumes are attached locally to the EC2 instances, therefore the uploaded videos are tied to specific EC2 instances
	Solution 1: Mount Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) on all Amazon EC2 instances
	Solution 2: Use Amazon S3 standard for storing the videos
	Both solutions need one time job to copy vides from EBS

9	Use Case: a Supply Chain Management application
	web-tier: EC2 instances
	DB-tier: Amazon RDS MySQL
	All end users of the web application would be located in the US
	Beta version: all the resources are deployed in a single AZ
	Target: A MOST resource-efficient solution to improve application availability
Sol: 
	Web-tier: EC2 instances in two AZs, behind an ELB
	DB-tier: RDS MySQL database with multi-AZ configuration.
(1)	EC2 instances in two regions behind ELB + RDS multi-AZ: ELB can’t work across regions
(2)	EC2 instances in two AZs behind ELB + RDS read replica: Read replicas are meant to address scalability issues and can’t use for improving availability.

10	An urgent solution to prevent the rapidly increasing workload from exceeding the available database storage for their newly launched mobile gaming application using Amazon RDS MySQL.

Sol: Enable storage auto-scaling for Amazon RDS MySQ

(1)	Migrate Amazon RDS MySQL database to Amazon DynamoDB which automatically allocates storage space when required: DynamoDB is a NoSQL database which implies significant development effort.
(2)	Migrate RDS MySQL database to Amazon Aurora which offers storage auto-scaling: it involves significant systems administration effort
(3)	Create read replica for Amazon RDS MySQL: read replicas cannot help to automatically scale storage for the primary database.

11	A retail company needs to test a blue-green deployment for its global application within 48 hours, focusing on mobile users prone to DNS caching, just two days before their annual Thanksgiving sale.
Give a solution to test the deployment on as many users as possible.

Sol: Use AWS Global Accelerator to distribute a portion of traffic to a particular deployment. Global Accelerator uses endpoint weights to determine the proportion of traffic that is directed to endpoints in an endpoint group.

What’s Blue/green deployment: 
在 Green 環境中部署應用程序的新版本，進行測試和驗證，一旦 Green 環境被確認正常，將流量從 Blue 環境切換到 Green 環境。通常透過修改Load Balancer（如AWS的ELB）來完成。

Why is DNS service not suit for this case?
Some client devices and internet resolvers cache DNS answers for long periods.

(1)	Route 53 weighted routing to spread traffic across different deployments: see “Why is DNS service not suit for this case?”
(2)	Use ELB to distribute traffic across deployments: the use-case refers to a global application and ELB cannot be used for a multi-Region
(3)	Use AWS CodeDeploy deployment options to choose the right deployment: CodeDeploy is not meant to distribute traffic across instances
